rjk-nntp-tools
==============

This package contains tools do with Usenet news.  It depends on cairo,
libpthread, libcurl, libexpat and libgcrypt.  It runs on Linux but
should not be too hard to get going on other UNIX platforms.


Installation
------------

  ./configure
  make
  make install

(as ever see INSTALL for more info.)


lj2news
-------

lj2news reads the RSS feed provided by Livejournal (or Dreamwidth),
formats it to plain text, and posts it to a newsgroup.

See "man lj2news" for documentation.

I suggest that you start by posting to a test newsgroup and setting
the -x option to something (any nonempty string will do).  Adjust the
command line until you are happy.  For each test (that posts anything)
you will need a fresh -x value.

When you are happy remove the -x option and set the -n option to point
to the newsgroup you really want to post to.

You can run the command manually or put it in a cronjob to run
e.g. once a day.

Be careful with cronjobs, sometimes their environment differs from the
interactive environment.  For instance you may need to explicitly set
NNTPAUTH and NNTPSERVER (though you can use the -s option instead of
the latter.)

For instance, I have the following in a script, which I execute from a
cron job:

  #!/bin/bash
  set -e
  export NNTPAUTH="md5cookie1way richard"
  lj2news \
    -a "http://www.greenend.org.uk/rjk/;richard+ljua@sfere.greenend.org.uk" \
    -t ewx \
    -f "Richard Kettlewell <rjk@greenend.org.uk>" \
    -n chiark.journals \
    -s chiark-tunnel.greenend.org.uk \
    -S $HOME/.lj2news-sig.txt \
    http://www.livejournal.com/users/ewx/rss

Alternatively, use setup-lj2news which will ask you about your journal
and figure out the required command.


git2news and bzr2news
---------------------

git2news and bzr2news post Git and Bazaar changelog entries to a
newsgroup.  See "man git2news" or "man bzr2news" for documentation.


spoolstats
----------

spoolstats reads a news spool (directly) and generates an HTML report
giving numbers articles per day, posters, etc.  See "man spoolstats"
for documentation.  You can find example output at:

    http://www.greenend.org.uk/rjk/spoolstats/


Reporting Bugs
--------------

Please check http://www.greenend.org.uk/rjk/2006/newstools.html for new
versions before reporting a bug.

Please report bugs to sgo-software-discuss@greenend.org.uk if you are
subscribed to it, or to rjk@greenend.org.uk otherwise.

If you send a patch, use 'diff -u' format.


Copyright
---------

  This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
  the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
  (at your option) any later version.

  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  General Public License for more details.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
  along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
  Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307
  USA

The bulk of the code is copyright (c) 2005-2011 Richard Kettlewell and
subject to GPL 2 or later.  See COPYING.

Portions copyright (c) 1997-date Stuart Langridge and subject to the
X11 licence.  See COPYING.sorttable.
